<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en"><head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"><!-- Begin Jekyll SEO tag v2.7.1 -->
<title>Florida Polytechnic University Executive Board Minutes (March 16, 2022) | Florida Poly Student Government</title>
<meta name="generator" content="Jekyll v3.9.0" />
<meta property="og:title" content="Florida Polytechnic University Executive Board Minutes (March 16, 2022)" />
<meta property="og:locale" content="en_US" />
<meta name="description" content="Welcome to the Florida Poly Student Government page! Here you can find all of our official documents including statutes, meeting minutes, and more!" />
<meta property="og:description" content="Welcome to the Florida Poly Student Government page! Here you can find all of our official documents including statutes, meeting minutes, and more!" />
<link rel="canonical" href="https://flpolysga.github.io/Executive/Session8/20220316_Minutes/" />
<meta property="og:url" content="https://flpolysga.github.io/Executive/Session8/20220316_Minutes/" />
<meta property="og:site_name" content="Florida Poly Student Government" />
<meta name="twitter:card" content="summary" />
<meta property="twitter:title" content="Florida Polytechnic University Executive Board Minutes (March 16, 2022)" />
<script type="application/ld+json">
{"description":"Welcome to the Florida Poly Student Government page! Here you can find all of our official documents including statutes, meeting minutes, and more!","headline":"Florida Polytechnic University Executive Board Minutes (March 16, 2022)","@type":"WebPage","url":"https://flpolysga.github.io/Executive/Session8/20220316_Minutes/","@context":"https://schema.org"}</script>
<!-- End Jekyll SEO tag -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/main.css"><link type="application/atom+xml" rel="alternate" href="https://flpolysga.github.io/feed.xml" title="Florida Poly Student Government" /></head>
<body><header class="site-header" role="banner">

  <div class="wrapper"><a class="site-title" rel="author" href="/">Florida Poly Student Government</a><nav class="site-nav">
        <input type="checkbox" id="nav-trigger" class="nav-trigger" />
        <label for="nav-trigger">
          <span class="menu-icon">
            <svg viewBox="0 0 18 15" width="18px" height="15px">
              <path d="M18,1.484c0,0.82-0.665,1.484-1.484,1.484H1.484C0.665,2.969,0,2.304,0,1.484l0,0C0,0.665,0.665,0,1.484,0 h15.032C17.335,0,18,0.665,18,1.484L18,1.484z M18,7.516C18,8.335,17.335,9,16.516,9H1.484C0.665,9,0,8.335,0,7.516l0,0 c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484h15.032C17.335,6.031,18,6.696,18,7.516L18,7.516z M18,13.516C18,14.335,17.335,15,16.516,15H1.484 C0.665,15,0,14.335,0,13.516l0,0c0-0.82,0.665-1.483,1.484-1.483h15.032C17.335,12.031,18,12.695,18,13.516L18,13.516z"/>
            </svg>
          </span>
        </label>

        <div class="trigger"><a class="page-link" href="/Executive/Executive/">Executive</a><a class="page-link" href="/Legislative/Legislative/">Legislative</a><a class="page-link" href="/Judicial/Judicial/">Judicial</a></div>
      </nav></div>
</header>
<main class="page-content" aria-label="Content">
      <div class="wrapper">
        <article class="post">

  <header class="post-header">
    <h1 class="post-title">Florida Polytechnic University Executive Board Minutes (March 16, 2022)</h1>
  </header>

  <div class="post-content">
    <blockquote>
  <p><strong>Date:</strong> 03.26.2022</p>

  <p><strong>Author:</strong> Victoria Correa Andrade</p>
</blockquote>

<h2 id="attendance">Attendance</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Samantha Ashby <em>President</em></li>
  <li>Gus Lipkin <em>Vice President</em></li>
  <li>Jake Greenberg <em>Treasurer</em></li>
  <li>Victoria Correa Andrade <em>Chief of Staff</em></li>
  <li>Dmitri *Standards and Enforcement *</li>
  <li>Vanessa Townsend <em>CAB President</em></li>
  <li>Inez Prior *Student Media Director *</li>
  <li><del><em>Safety Committee</em></del></li>
  <li>Jacob Strayer <em>Sustainability Committee</em></li>
</ul>

<h2 id="guests-in-attendance">Guests in attendance</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Melia Rodriguez – Senate President</li>
  <li>Kyle - Sustainability</li>
</ul>

<blockquote>
  <p><strong>Start Time:</strong> 05:36PM</p>
</blockquote>

<h2 id="initial-motions">Initial Motions</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Motion has been properly made to approve this meeting’s agenda by Jake and seconded by Victoria, passes unanimously.</li>
  <li>Motion has been properly made to approve last meeting’s meeting minutes by Jake and seconded by Gus, passes unanimously.</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="external-updates">External Updates</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Jacob Strayer
    <ul>
      <li>Just got a shipment for mulch, seeds, and other stuff</li>
      <li>Also have seed beds ready</li>
      <li>Planning on planting with CAB on Pot Day or Blackout</li>
      <li>Met with Dr. Hickman
        <ul>
          <li>She mentioned that we own the garden</li>
          <li>Also mentioned helping us get grants or a person to take care of the garden while students are not here
            <ul>
              <li>Might be worth it to talk to Paul or Heather to have something over Summer to visit and take care of the garden</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>She cannot work personally in the garden, however</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Vanessa
    <ul>
      <li>Giving day 2 days ago – raised $2000</li>
      <li>Spring Fest next week
        <ul>
          <li>5pm to 7pm March 24th</li>
          <li>Set-up around 3pm</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Tomorrow there is a tabling event for CAB in front of the SGA desk
        <ul>
          <li>Movie with the cops</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Education series tomorrow</li>
      <li>Concert
        <ul>
          <li>Have been working on it, but does not like how it’s coming along</li>
          <li>Might look into alternative uses for the money
            <ul>
              <li>Will talk to eboard about it before final decision</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Melia
    <ul>
      <li>Approved constitution in Senate</li>
      <li>Tried to get any volunteers for PolyCon and Spring Fest</li>
      <li>Student worker issue where if you graduate, the summer between graduating and starting the undergrad degree, you cannot work</li>
      <li>Attendance in classes is graded – senators wanted to discuss it</li>
      <li>Complains from wellness
        <ul>
          <li>Let the person know where you’re going and walk on the exit side</li>
          <li>Use of plates during events in the wellness center</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="executive-updates">Executive Updates</h2>

<h3 id="standards-and-enforcement">Standards and Enforcement</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Drafted email about how assets could not be stored off campus
    <ul>
      <li>There is a specific form that can be filled to do this</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

<h3 id="chief-of-staff">Chief of Staff</h3>
<ul>
  <li>See Jacob’s and Melia’s updates</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="treasurer">Treasurer</h3>
<ul>
  <li>ABC meeting at 7pm on Wednesday
    <ul>
      <li>Club budgets</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Giving day - $8200 for all of SGA (CAB, RSOs, etc)</li>
  <li>Discussing wages in ABC
    <ul>
      <li>Increase wages most likely in all positions but gen. Senate</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Communications to clubs
    <ul>
      <li>Everyone in ABC has a mailing list (Jake gave them)</li>
      <li>No one uses them</li>
      <li>Most people are using the to line instead of bcc
        <ul>
          <li>Also Alex is emailing everyone</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>There is also a training issue within Senate</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

<h3 id="vice-president">Vice President</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Talked about communication
    <ul>
      <li>ARC updates have not been including things students care about, like student quiet spaces</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

<h3 id="president">President</h3>
<ul>
  <li>No longer purchasing Phase 2</li>
  <li>Also having trouble getting rooms for students to be able to rent
    <ul>
      <li>Wanted to have RAs and events there, but most apartments do not want that</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Budget Council
    <ul>
      <li>Dr. Avent put Samantha in the board, instead of Jake
        <ul>
          <li>A reason was not given in the initial email</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>We’d like to have Jake go</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Executive and Operations numbers
    <ul>
      <li>Not in Phoenix Link</li>
      <li>Initiatives: $2300</li>
      <li>Operations: $323</li>
      <li>Golf Car: $6000</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Any RSOs have not touched their budget:
    <ul>
      <li>ASTRO</li>
      <li>Programming</li>
      <li>Archery</li>
      <li>TEA (inactive)</li>
      <li>LASA</li>
      <li>Swim</li>
      <li>Diversity</li>
      <li>FLPolyMutants</li>
      <li>Anime (inactive)</li>
      <li>Phoenix Jewish</li>
      <li>Would it be possible to have a language in the budget to were if a club is inactive, the money from their budget is reallocated somewhere</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Mural – working on different designs to show facilities</li>
  <li>Will schedule another meeting about the NEST</li>
  <li>CITF
    <ul>
      <li>Facilities has emphasized they want to work with SGA to designate this</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Foundation – NOVA
    <ul>
      <li>Looking for donors to donate $5000 for scholarships and $10000 for the event overhead
        <ul>
          <li>The donor would have to choose to donate to us; most likely will get the money for scholarships</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Also getting quotes for awards</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Staffing
    <ul>
      <li>SGA Advisor will start next week</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Golf Cart Maintenance
    <ul>
      <li>Has to be washed</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Cords
    <ul>
      <li>Waiting on confirmation from the university if RSOs can give their students cords</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="agenda">Agenda</h2>

<h3 id="constitution">Constitution</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Changes:
    <ul>
      <li>Formatting
        <ul>
          <li>Missing line numbering</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Article VII, Section 2
        <ul>
          <li>Added some specific technical language for different situations that could lead of an impeachment</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Added an appeal of impeachment
        <ul>
          <li>Does not outline how to appeal</li>
          <li>Would like to see it go through a panel, not only one person</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

<h3 id="fl-polycon">FL PolyCon</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Square readers
    <ul>
      <li>SGA needs to know who will be using them to be able to give them access</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Problems with the volunteer sign-up sheet
    <ul>
      <li>Some positions have been assigned</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Walkie talkies
    <ul>
      <li>The SGA ones do not work on the same frequency as the ones they purchased</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>SGA golf cart
    <ul>
      <li>Only Melia and Dmitri will be driving it</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

<h3 id="fsa">FSA</h3>
<ul>
  <li>This Saturday</li>
  <li>Hailey and Gus are going</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="campus-labs">Campus Labs</h3>
<ul>
  <li>PR has been made</li>
  <li>Will be 3000 in the negative after paying for this</li>
  <li>Never heard anything about the university pay half</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="teams">TEAMS</h3>
<p>Followed up with Derek; no list of TEAMS yet</p>

<h3 id="sga-staffing">SGA Staffing</h3>
<ul>
  <li>See Sam’s update</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="marketing">Marketing</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Marketing does not have a say over what we do, since we are a separate entity (logo, fundraising, etc.)
    <ul>
      <li>Not against working with them in the future, but currently will not actively work with them for now</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Need more fundraising merchandize</li>
  <li>Might want to create a brand manual specific to SGA to facilitate any work</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="general-discussion">General Discussion</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Picnic tables with solar power for recharging</li>
  <li>Air-conditioned shed
    <ul>
      <li>Probably can come from a grant</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

<blockquote>
  <p><strong>End Time:</strong> 07:35PM</p>
</blockquote>

<h2 id="attendance-1">Attendance</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Samantha Ashby <em>President</em></li>
  <li>Gus Lipkin <em>Vice President</em></li>
  <li>Jake Greenberg <em>Treasurer</em></li>
  <li>Victoria Correa Andrade <em>Chief of Staff</em></li>
  <li>Dmitri *Standards and Enforcement *</li>
  <li>Vanessa Townsend <em>CAB President</em></li>
  <li>Inez Prior *Student Media Director *</li>
  <li><del><em>Safety Committee</em></del></li>
  <li><del>Jacob Strayer <em>Sustainability Committee</em></del></li>
</ul>

  </div>

</article>

      </div>
    </main><footer class="site-footer h-card">
  <data class="u-url" href="/"></data>

  <div class="wrapper">

    <h2 class="footer-heading">Florida Poly Student Government</h2>

    <div class="footer-col-wrapper">
      <div class="footer-col footer-col-1">
        <ul class="contact-list">
          <li class="p-name">Florida Poly Student Government</li><li><a class="u-email" href="mailto:sgavicepresident@floridapoly.edu">sgavicepresident@floridapoly.edu</a></li></ul>
      </div>

      <div class="footer-col footer-col-2"><ul class="social-media-list"><li><a href="https://www.facebook.com/FloridaPolySGA"><svg class="svg-icon"><use xlink:href="/assets/minima-social-icons.svg#facebook"></use></svg> <span class="username">FloridaPolySGA</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/FLPolySGA"><svg class="svg-icon"><use xlink:href="/assets/minima-social-icons.svg#github"></use></svg> <span class="username">FLPolySGA</span></a></li><li><a href="https://www.twitter.com/FLPolySGA"><svg class="svg-icon"><use xlink:href="/assets/minima-social-icons.svg#twitter"></use></svg> <span class="username">FLPolySGA</span></a></li></ul>
</div>

      <div class="footer-col footer-col-3">
        <p>Welcome to the Florida Poly Student Government page!  Here you can find all of our official documents  including statutes, meeting minutes, and more!</p>
      </div>
    </div>

  </div>

</footer>
</body>

</html>
