---
layout: page
title: "Florida Polytechnic University Senate Meeting Minutes (March 16, 2022)"
permalink: /Executive/Session8/20220316_Minutes/
categories: Session8
---

> **Date:** 03.26.2022
>
> **Author:** Victoria Correa Andrade

## Attendance
- Samantha Ashby *President*
- Gus Lipkin *Vice President*
- Jake Greenberg *Treasurer*
- Victoria Correa Andrade *Chief of Staff*
- Dmitri *Standards and Enforcement *
- Vanessa Townsend *CAB President* 
- Inez Prior *Student Media Director *
- ~~*Safety Committee*~~
- Jacob Strayer *Sustainability Committee* 
  
## Guests in attendance
- Melia Rodriguez – Senate President 
- Kyle - Sustainability 

> **Start Time:** 05:36PM

## Initial Motions
- Motion has been properly made to approve this meeting’s agenda by Jake and seconded by Victoria, passes unanimously. 
- Motion has been properly made to approve last meeting’s meeting minutes by Jake and seconded by Gus, passes unanimously. 

## External Updates
- Jacob Strayer 
  - Just got a shipment for mulch, seeds, and other stuff 
  - Also have seed beds ready 
  - Planning on planting with CAB on Pot Day or Blackout 
  - Met with Dr. Hickman 
    - She mentioned that we own the garden 
    - Also mentioned helping us get grants or a person to take care of the garden while students are not here 
      - Might be worth it to talk to Paul or Heather to have something over Summer to visit and take care of the garden 
    - She cannot work personally in the garden, however 
- Vanessa 
  - Giving day 2 days ago – raised $2000 
  - Spring Fest next week 
    - 5pm to 7pm March 24th 
    - Set-up around 3pm 
  - Tomorrow there is a tabling event for CAB in front of the SGA desk 
    - Movie with the cops 
  - Education series tomorrow 
  - Concert 
    - Have been working on it, but does not like how it's coming along 
    - Might look into alternative uses for the money 
      - Will talk to eboard about it before final decision 
- Melia 
  - Approved constitution in Senate 
  - Tried to get any volunteers for PolyCon and Spring Fest 
  - Student worker issue where if you graduate, the summer between graduating and starting the undergrad degree, you cannot work  
  - Attendance in classes is graded – senators wanted to discuss it 
  - Complains from wellness 
    - Let the person know where you’re going and walk on the exit side 
    - Use of plates during events in the wellness center 

## Executive Updates

### Standards and Enforcement
- Drafted email about how assets could not be stored off campus 
  - There is a specific form that can be filled to do this 

### Chief of Staff
- See Jacob’s and Melia’s updates 

### Treasurer
- ABC meeting at 7pm on Wednesday 
  - Club budgets 
- Giving day - $8200 for all of SGA (CAB, RSOs, etc) 
- Discussing wages in ABC 
  - Increase wages most likely in all positions but gen. Senate 
- Communications to clubs 
  - Everyone in ABC has a mailing list (Jake gave them) 
  - No one uses them 
  - Most people are using the to line instead of bcc 
    - Also Alex is emailing everyone 
  - There is also a training issue within Senate 

### Vice President
- Talked about communication 
  - ARC updates have not been including things students care about, like student quiet spaces 

### President
- No longer purchasing Phase 2 
- Also having trouble getting rooms for students to be able to rent 
  - Wanted to have RAs and events there, but most apartments do not want that 
- Budget Council 
  - Dr. Avent put Samantha in the board, instead of Jake 
    - A reason was not given in the initial email 
  - We’d like to have Jake go 
- Executive and Operations numbers 
  - Not in Phoenix Link 
  - Initiatives: $2300 
  - Operations: $323 
  - Golf Car: $6000 
- Any RSOs have not touched their budget: 
  - ASTRO 
  - Programming 
  - Archery 
  - TEA (inactive) 
  - LASA 
  - Swim 
  - Diversity 
  - FLPolyMutants 
  - Anime (inactive) 
  - Phoenix Jewish 
  - Would it be possible to have a language in the budget to were if a club is inactive, the money from their budget is reallocated somewhere
- Mural – working on different designs to show facilities 
- Will schedule another meeting about the NEST 
- CITF 
  - Facilities has emphasized they want to work with SGA to designate this 
- Foundation – NOVA 
  - Looking for donors to donate $5000 for scholarships and $10000 for the event overhead 
    - The donor would have to choose to donate to us; most likely will get the money for scholarships 
  - Also getting quotes for awards 
- Staffing 
  - SGA Advisor will start next week 
- Golf Cart Maintenance 
  - Has to be washed 
- Cords 
  - Waiting on confirmation from the university if RSOs can give their students cords 

## Agenda


### Constitution  
- Changes: 
  - Formatting 
    - Missing line numbering 
  - Article VII, Section 2 
    - Added some specific technical language for different situations that could lead of an impeachment 
  - Added an appeal of impeachment 
    - Does not outline how to appeal 
    - Would like to see it go through a panel, not only one person 
  
### FL PolyCon 
- Square readers 
  - SGA needs to know who will be using them to be able to give them access 
- Problems with the volunteer sign-up sheet 
  - Some positions have been assigned 
- Walkie talkies 
  - The SGA ones do not work on the same frequency as the ones they purchased 
- SGA golf cart 
  - Only Melia and Dmitri will be driving it 

### FSA 
- This Saturday 
- Hailey and Gus are going 

### Campus Labs 
- PR has been made 
- Will be 3000 in the negative after paying for this 
- Never heard anything about the university pay half 

### TEAMS 
Followed up with Derek; no list of TEAMS yet 

### SGA Staffing 
- See Sam’s update 

### Marketing 
- Marketing does not have a say over what we do, since we are a separate entity (logo, fundraising, etc.) 
  - Not against working with them in the future, but currently will not actively work with them for now 
- Need more fundraising merchandize 
- Might want to create a brand manual specific to SGA to facilitate any work 

### General Discussion 
- Picnic tables with solar power for recharging 
- Air-conditioned shed 
  - Probably can come from a grant 

> **End Time:** 07:35PM

## Attendance
- Samantha Ashby *President*
- Gus Lipkin *Vice President*
- Jake Greenberg *Treasurer*
- Victoria Correa Andrade *Chief of Staff*
- Dmitri *Standards and Enforcement *
- Vanessa Townsend *CAB President* 
- Inez Prior *Student Media Director *
- ~~*Safety Committee*~~
- ~~Jacob Strayer *Sustainability Committee*~~