---
layout: page
title: "Florida Polytechnic University Senate Meeting Minutes (March 02, 2022)"
permalink: /Executive/Session8/20220302_Minutes/
categories: Session8
---

> **Date:** 03.02.2022
>
> **Author:** Victoria Correa Andrade

## Attendance
- Samantha Ashby *President*
- Gus Lipkin *Vice President*
- Jake Greenberg *Treasurer*
- Victoria Correa Andrade *Chief of Staff*
- Dmitri *Standards and Enforcement *
- Vanessa Townsend *CAB President* 
- ~~Inez Prior *Student Media Director *~~ Joined at 7:09pm
- ~~*Safety Committee*~~
- ~~Jacob Strayer *Sustainability Committee* ~~

## Guests in Attendance
- Melia Rodriguez – Senate President 
- Hailey Skoglund – Chief Justice 
- Kyle Roy – Sustainability Representative 

> **Start Time:** 05:44PM

## Initial Motions
- Motion has been properly made to approve this meeting’s agenda by Jake and seconded by Victoria, passes unanimously. 
- Motion has been properly made to approve last meeting’s meeting minutes by Jake and seconded by Gus, passes unanimously. 

## External Updates
- Hailey 
  - Interviewed Dmitri for the S&E position 
    - Recommended him for the position 
      - Got confirmed in the Senate meeting before this Executive meeting 
  - Travel Request 
    - Alex Gage and one other student (Daneel) 
    - Georgia Tech physics conference 
- Vanessa
  - Special Requests for the NEST 
    - Open Mic Night 
      - Motion has been properly made to approve the use of the NEST for Open Mic Night during Fl PolyCon by Jake and seconded by Victoria, passes unanimously. 
    - Fl PolyCon – Volunteer space and storage 
      - Motion has been properly made to deny the use of the NEST backspace for storage during Fl PolyCon by Jake and seconded by Gus, passes unanimously. 
  - Fl PolyCon next year 
    - There are some people that would still be interested in organizing the event 
    - Current chair does not want to do to again, and most heads also stated that they do not want to do it again 
    - Would rather have it happen, even if the university has to take it over 
- Melia
  - Confirmed Dmitri for the S&E position 
  - Reactivated Tabletop 
  - Decorum at the desk 
  - Having non-SGA people behind the desk 
  - ABC has been working on budgets and allocations 
  - Reading of the constitution 
  - NOVA 
    - Ordered everything but star projectors 
    - Venue PR is in 
    - Chair covers PR 
    - 16 responses for NOVA awards 
      - Timeline was somewhat shifted 
    - Flyers were put around campus 
    - Paul is helping with getting police  
    - Will be revisiting alcohol during the event 
  - NOVA in the ARC
    - Probably not happening 
    - Heard that there could be an event happening in the ARC in the next month in the ARC for something related to the President’s wife 
    - Atrium in ARC has 500 people standing capacity with no tables 

## Executive Updates

### Standards and Enforcement
- No updates

### Chief of Staff
- Met with Dmitri for Phoenix Link training 
- Scheduled meeting with Dr. Hickman for garden 
- Scheduled meetings with Jacob and Inez 
- Will try to talk to Brennan to add Executive Appointments to the elections application for interest gathering 
- Slowly working on getting Senate and Executive Session 8 on GitHub 

### Treasurer
- RSOs submitted budgets 
  - Some submitted very high budgets 
  - PFR 
  - Music Association 
  - Chess 
- Working on finance manual 

### Vice President
- ARC Tour 
  - Done by end of May, but not all furniture 
  - They are thinking about parking 
  - 2 more buildings being built 

### President
- Meeting with Foundation on Friday – NOVA Awards scholarships 
- SGA Banquet and Awards 
  - Needs to be planned 
  - SGA, CAB, and upper Fl PolyCon leadership 
- Will be discussing the NEST with JT 
- Also asked him about a Sports Mural 
- Email RSOs about assets not being able to be stored off campus 
- Respond to Paul for the 1:1 meetings 
- Do we want SGA tents for our pop-up events? 
  - No 

## Agenda

### Fl PolyCon
- Need Square Readers for PolyCon 
  - Check-in and Merch 
- Also need people with access to them to accept payment day of 
  - Might be easier to have CAB people do the square readers 

### FSA
- FSA Hard conflicts with FL PolyCon this year. Gus will be attending in place of Sam, with Hailey Skoglund also in attendance. 
- Happening at UCF on 3/19 

### Campus Labs
- Waiting on approved PR 
- Would like university to split the cost 
  - Not yet decided if they want a branch 
  - Want a quote to decide
- Can approve amount now; would come out of contracts 

### TEAMS
- Met with Derek to try and hash out a few initial details 
- Need to meet again 
- Do not have the list of TEAMS of next year 
- Need the ESO policy 

### Rise Up
- Requirements for membership are high compared to other university 
  - Be an ESO and report to Title IX office or give them a separate line item as Title IX office 
    - ESO most likely 

### SGA Staffing
- Contract has been signed; the candidate accepted the position 
- Starts at the end of the March 
- Paul is preparing her onboarding 
- Advisor payment 
  - Have to pitch the percentage to Parker, since the school will be paying part of the salary 
  - Cannot sign contract; would have to be a Memorandum of Understanding 
    - Parker will most likely ask for it to be part of a statute 
- Paul’s access to Teams 
  - Most in favor for him to have reading access 
  - Vote of confidence to give Paul viewing access to the Teams 
    - Passes unanimously 

### SGA Pay
- Some people have not been paid for the Fall 
- One person cannot be paid because they do not have an SSN and other documents 
- Looking into drafting a statute for SGA remuneration  
- Still working on SGA training manual 

### Travel Liability Form 
- Made a form for travel 
- Any students travelling would sign 
- Waiver 
- Needs to go through legal and the university needs to enforce it 
- One for independent student travel and one for RSOs 

### Phoenix Square
- Tomorrow 
- Ice cream is in the cooler 
- Ice cream will be in IST South because we need power 
- Taking chess and connect 4 (and maybe Giant Jenga) 

### Constitution
- Any feedback on the constitution? 
  - Need to talk to legal about impeachment 
  - Formatting has to be fixed 

### General Discussion
- Sustainability 
  - Dr. Vallaro is thinking of building something on the garden 
- Blackout is the same day as NOVA 
  - Will either be moved or canceled  

> **End Time:** 08:11PM

## Attendance
- Samantha Ashby *President*
- Gus Lipkin *Vice President*
- Jake Greenberg *Treasurer*
- Victoria Correa Andrade *Chief of Staff*
- Dmitri *Standards and Enforcement *
- Vanessa Townsend *CAB President* 
- Inez Prior *Student Media Director *
- ~~*Safety Committee*~~
- ~~Jacob Strayer *Sustainability Committee* ~~