---
layout: page
title: "Florida Polytechnic University Executive Board Meeting Minutes (March 23, 2022)"
permalink: /Executive/Session8/20220323_Minutes/
categories: Session8
---

> **Date:** 03.23.2022
>
> **Author:** Victoria Correa Andrade

## Attendance
- Samantha Ashby *President*
- Gus Lipkin *Vice President*
- Jake Greenberg *Treasurer*
- Victoria Correa Andrade *Chief of Staff*
- Dmitri *Standards and Enforcement*
- ~~Vanessa Townsend *CAB President*~~ (Excused; conference)
- Inez Prior *Student Media Director*
- ~~*Safety Committee*~~
- Jacob Strayer *Sustainability Committee* (Arrived late at 5:35pm)

> **Start Time:** 05:30PM

## Initial Motions
- Motion has been properly made to approve this meeting’s agenda by Jake and seconded by Gus, passes unanimously. 
- Motion has been properly made to approve last meeting’s meeting minutes by Jake and seconded by Gus, passes unanimously. 

## External Updates
### Melia
- Constitution is done
- Elections
  - Statute is done, so we have a policy for special elections
  - Resolution passed
    - Applications close Friday at 6pm
### Kyle - Sustainability
- Went to the garden
  - Planted seeds
  - Weeded
  - Got the watering system working
- Fence has not been put up

## Executive Updates

### Standards and Enforcement
- No update

### Chief of Staff
- No update

### Treasurer
- No update

### Vice President
- No update

### President
- Followed up with facilities
- Have been talked to registrar about the cord situation
  - Asked for the policy on cords and memarobilia 
  - Will be meeting on Monday
- Archery
  - Has been shooting on campus
- There are some concerns about scholarships for TEAMS
- Dining
  - Now the sandwich and grill stations can do food on the spot during late lunch
  - Build a form for secret shopper to make it more anonymous
  - There is a number that students can message to give them feedback
  - Fire and Ash
    - Not sure what will be doing for next year
    - For finals, will be getting extra noodels cups, coffee, so students can burn through their Phoenix Funds
  - Student workers
    - There are some problems with times and problem with supervisors
    - They are working to address this
- Phoenix Square next month
- NOVA Awards
  - Getting quotes for awards
  - Most likely doing be fundraised funds
- Talked to ASC about pantry
  - Need help with some planning
- SGA Celebration
  - Swimming at the SDC
- Elections
  - First meeting today, next one Friday
- Legislation session has finished
  - Fee waiver for STEM degrees passed
  - Need different accrediations
- Finals week PRs

## Agenda

### Textmate
- Work directly with CANVAS 
- Get reminders from canvas directly to your phone via text messages (as opposed to notifications if you installed the CANVAS app). 
- Anything completed will no longer be shown in the text updates 
- Reminders would be sent once a day, unlike CANVAS notifications 
- There is also an option for extra reminders, where students can add extra reminders to be send in the same text, along with their CANVAS assignments
- Website 
- Students can pick how many assignments can see at a time, what time they’d like to receive the reminders 
- Does it includes anything other than due dates, like discussion posts? 
  - Focus on due dates – something like announcements would not be included 
- Adoption rate of the program in other schools? 
  - At FAU, they paid for 500 students and all slots were filled 
  - At another school, they paid for their entire body (but he did not mention 
- Service uptime percentage? 
  - No major outages  
  - Text message support number that students can use 
- How old is this system? 
  - Summer 2020 
- Privacy 
  - What information is shared with CANVAS? 
    - None, just pull information that CANVAS has 
    - Does not pull grades 
  - Take privacy very seriously 
- Pausing the text 
  - Do it within settings 
- Can you set different time periods for reminders depending on the type of due date? 
  - Eg. Assignments and exams 
  - Did not directly answer, but mentioned that it’ll show future assignments if there is nothing in the chosen timeframe 
- Can prioritize notification based on how much the assignment is worth? 
  - No, only looks at due dates 
- Is there a way to send multiple texts a day? 
  - No 
- Pricing 
  - $2.50 per student per month 
  - Happy to sit down and work with our budget if needed 
- Possible for students to purchase this through the school but on their own? 
  - Go to CANVAS and buy it there 
  - It is possible; they would have to contact the company directly 
- Would like to recommend to the university?
  - Most likely no
### Fishing
  - Presented by a student 
  - Policy is vague and inconsistent 
  - Getting information from staff resulted in some conflicting information 
    - Seems like police either does not know of the policy or are not enforcing the policy 
  - Would like to change to allow them to fish in all bodies of water on campus, but the university could set perimeters or time periods that students cannot fish  
  - Currently, the policy says that there is only one place on campus where fishing is allowed – the farthest pond from the IST 
    - Also, fishing in that direction (facing the poles) means that no students would be in danger of being hit by a line
  - Have discussed with the chief? 
    - Not sure; student said they talked to different officers 
  - Recommended reaching out to them 
  - This is not a policy that SGA oversees 
  - Student also mentions seeing students skating in the brigdes
    - Not allowed
  - Student also mentions that the university should allow students to do things and the students would take responsibility for it
    - Liability; student can have a lawsuit against the university
  - Main point: increase fishing area, specify rules more, and make sure the police know of this policy
  - Will bring this to facilities
### Constitution
  -  Was approved today
  -  Need a paper copy for Sam to sign
### FL PolyCon Debrief
  - Total revenue: $11.2k in tickets + $5.9k in other stuff (day of tickets, merchandized)
  - Around 1650 checked in people
  - Even chairs and heads will write a list of dos and donts, and are also asking for current chairs to train their replacements
  - Paul wants PolyCon no longer under CAB, and instead be an agency or under student affairs
    - Most students want to participate it, but no one expressed interest in helping organize
    - If the university wants control of it, then they should be the ones paying for it as well
    - We currently are having problem keeping students in leadership positions
    - Would most likely need to find new advisors as well (or at least have one new person besides the current people)
    - Will meet in Paul to further discuss
### Housing
  - Received a PDF with updates (in Presented Documents)
  - Bringing 100 less students for the incoming class
  - Housing solutions
    - Currently 310 beds reserved for incoming students
    - Cannot do modular housing
    - Still looking into building a metal building for more housing, but would not be possible for Fall 2022
    - Not converting RAs rooms to doubles
    - Phase 2 singles were changed to doubles
    - Off-campus apartments do not want to work with the university
      - University wants RAs and events in the apartments, which they do not want to do
    - Will be increasing transportation services
### TEAMS
  - Robotics might not be a team next year
    - Unsustainable growth because of the amount of people added
    - The team would not be able to use tools from the RSO. Also, someone in the eboard cannot be a captain of a Team
  - Have not received the list from Derek
### SGA Staffing
  - Isabel starts on Friday
  - Will be in the SDC
### Assets
  - Request from Music Association to store their assets in the NEST
  - Will route them to Dmitri so the assets can get tagged 
  - They did not mention what they are trying to store
  - Could have them do a long checkout form instead depending on size
### SGA Celebration
  - April 14th around 7pm
  - NEST
  - Could also do a movie by the pool afterwards
  - Potluck or buy food?
    - Potluck, with an excel sheet so poeple can sign up to bring a specific type of item
### SNAP
  - Supplemental Nutrition Assitance Program (food stamps)
  - Received an email asking for support to make the changes to this program made by CARES permanent
    - Extended requirements to include more students
  - Would like more information before supporting it 
### General Discussion
  - None

> **End Time:** 7:44PM

## Attendance
- Samantha Ashby *President*
- Gus Lipkin *Vice President*
- ~~Jake Greenberg *Treasurer*~~ (Left early at 7:01pm to attend ABC)
- Victoria Correa Andrade *Chief of Staff*
- Dmitri *Standards and Enforcement *
- ~~Vanessa Townsend *CAB President*~~
- Inez Prior *Student Media Director *
- ~~*Safety Committee*~~
- ~~Jacob Strayer *Sustainability Committee*~~ (Left early 6:13pm)