---
layout: page
title: "Florida Polytechnic University Executive Board Meeting Minutes (March 30, 2022)"
permalink: /Executive/Session8/20220330_Minutes/
categories: Session8
---

> **Date:** 03.30.2022
>
> **Author:** Victoria Correa Andrade

## Attendance
- Samantha Ashby *President*
- Gus Lipkin *Vice President*
- Jake Greenberg *Treasurer*
- Victoria Correa Andrade *Chief of Staff*
- Dmitri *Standards and Enforcement *
- Vanessa Townsend *CAB President* 
- Inez Prior *Student Media Director *
- ~~*Safety Committee*~~
- ~~Jacob Strayer *Sustainability Committee*~~

> **Start Time:** 05:30PM

## Initial Motions
- Motion has been properly made to approve this meeting’s agenda by Jake and seconded by Gus, passes unanimously. 
- Motion has been properly made to approve last meeting’s meeting minutes by Jake and seconded by Victoria, passes unanimously. 

## External Updates
- Vanessa 
  - Need someone for sound for an event 
  - CAB Vice President will most likely be attending these meetings 
  - How can PHE order food? 
    - Academic Success Initiatives, most likely 
  - Finals budget 
    - Can help with finals week 
  - April 27th 
    - Classes 
    - Showcase till 4pm 
    - Executive Transition at 5pm 
    - Would it be possible to do end of year celebration on the 27th 
      - Timewise, yet 
      - Not sure where it would be 
      - Could be merged with Blackout 
  - CAB awards 
    - Should everyone get an award? 
      - Up to you for CAB 
  - Schedule 
    - Tomorrow is Spring Fest 
    - Next week Friday is the Pageant 
    - 14th is the pool party and educational series 
    - Pot Day on 20th 
    - Blackout 
    - Destress days 
      - Funky art with Constantine 
      - Fitness challenge day 
      - DYI day and open mic night 
- Sustainability 
  - Compost 
    - Talked to Chartwells to get their scrap to compost 
      - Going well 

## Executive Updates

### Standards and Enforcement
- Isabelle has access to Teams 
- Tagging PolyCon assets 
  - Gus will help him with this 
  - Connex is full (or pretty close to it) 
- Golf Cart 
  - Need to wash it 
  - Also working on getting checklist from facilities for maintenance 

### Chief of Staff
- No updates

### Treasurer
- Budget council 
  - Met for the first time 
  - University is changing their budget approach 
    - Salary, benefits, and operating costs are a given, and the rest has to be requested 
    - Concern with how Professional Development would work 
      - For example going to conferences 
    - Salary increases handled normally 
    - New positions 
      - Might not be hiring in the future unless there is a specific need 
- Budget is almost ready 
  - CAB has not yet done their budget 
  - CAB Initiatives was cut 
  - See presented documents 
  - Have not approved executive staffing yet 
  - Major projects – office (most likely from reserves, if we can use it for it) 
  - Wages has gone up – some raises 
    - Percentage system 
  - General senate did not receive a raise 

### Vice President
- There are some problems with professors needing to be very specific for the ASC to allow certain things 
- Professors just need to tell the ASC that students are allowed to use their own devices 

### President
- Registrar’s office had a meeting about the cords 
  - Should be received an update tomorrow 
  - Stoles should be fine 
- SGA Awards 
  - Will be meeting with Melia and Hailey 
- Still have not received an answer from JT 
  - NEST 
  - Murals 
  - Putting stuff in the bathroom walls 
- Initiatives 
  - Changing signs from gender neutral signs 
    - Should be bought by facilities, not us 
  - Tampons and pads dispensers  
    - Free tampons and pads 
    - This should be under health fee 
    - Would only be started as an initiative 
  
## Agenda

### Housing 
- Met with Dr. Miller 
- They’re still working on individual apartments 
- One company has responded, but it is not in a safer part of town 
- Will not be doing mobile housing 
- Has started the ITN for developing Phase 3 
  - This specific phase would be leased and controlled by the university 
- University might be willing to allow/help students to break their lease (for Fall) to open more spaces 
- Looking at expanding transportation services 
  - Trying to get a transportation committee 
  - Looking at buying another shuttle and if students could be paid to drive the shuttles 
- Contacted by City of Lakeland 
  - Meeting scheduled to talk about developing in Lakeland and around our campus 
### TEAMS 
- Paul has been working with Dr. Miller 
- Not allowing to be a team and RSO, even separately 
### SGA Staffing 
- Received an email from Dr. Miller 
- Amount for payment of staff 
- The email contains a constant increase, which we were explicitly against 
- Forecast for enrollment for the next year has been updated; has been reduced by 100 students 
- These numbers should be percentage-based aligned with the increase of the students, and therefore A&S fee 
### SGA Celebration 
- Will be sending an invitation for this today 
- April 14th at 7pm 
- Will most likely be in the conference rooms  
- Will be a portion of SGA + staff members 
- Should this be done with A&S fees? 
  - Grey area 
  - Might be using SDC line item 
- SGA Awards 
  - Need more certificates to print SGA and CAB awards 
  - Motion has been properly made to approve $50 for the SGA awards PR by Jake and seconded by Victoria, passes unanimously. 
### Executive Transition 
- April 27th, not sure at what time (tentatively 5pm) 
- Ceremony at Oak Grove 
- Looking at being able to do food (maybe Chick-fil-a) for this event as well 
### Executive Handbook 
- Draft in presented documents 
- Needs to be revised 
- All members should revise their sections (see in Miscellaneous section) 
### Reading Days 
- Working on getting rooms and working with HKN for tutoring 
- Will increase the amount of energy drinks 
  - Motion has been properly made to allocate the remaining of the Finals Week line item to Finals Week by Jake and seconded by Gus, passes unanimously. 
### NOVA Awards 
- Looked over PR for awards for NOVA 
- The Awards for NOVA have been changed from only RSOs awards to awards to all students 
- There are different items in the PR 
  - Awards for individual students 
  - Plaques for RSO awards (as in the entire RSO won the award) 
  - Plaques for other student awards 
- Can be purchased with A&S fees 
### Fundraising 
  - See presented documents for design 
  - Would like to see a prototype 
  - Do not like the font in the shirt 
### General discussion 
- None 

> **End Time:** 07:33PM

## Attendance
- Samantha Ashby *President*
- Gus Lipkin *Vice President*
- Jake Greenberg *Treasurer*
- Victoria Correa Andrade *Chief of Staff*
- Dmitri *Standards and Enforcement *
- Vanessa Townsend *CAB President* 
- Inez Prior *Student Media Director *
- ~~*Safety Committee*~~
- ~~Jacob Strayer *Sustainability Committee*~~