---
layout: page
title: "Florida Polytechnic University Senate Meeting Minutes (May 20, 2021)"
permalink: /Legislative/Senate/Session8/20210520_Minutes/
categories: Session8
---

> **Date:** 05.20.2021
>
> **Author:** Victoria Correa Andrade
>
> **Called to Order:** 6:30pm

## Attendance

| Member | Meeting Start | Meeting End |
|--------|---|---|
| Melia Rodriguez **(Senate President)** 	| P 		| P |
| Benji Dinal **(Senate Pro Tempore)** 		| P 		| P |
| Graham Gilbert **(ABC Chair)** 			| P 		| P |
| Ezekiel Huynh **(SOC Chair)**				| P 		| P |
| Breanne Menikheim **(ICC Chair)**			| A 		| A |
| Catherine Abraham							| P 		| E (6:55) |
| Alexander Gage 							| P 		| E (6:54) |
| Jake Karas 								| P 		| P |
| Gustavo Maldonado 						| P 		| P |
| Julian Melendez 							| L(6:38) 	| P |
| Charles 									| P 		| P |
| Akshad Patel 								| A 		| A |
| Douglas Poole 							| L (6:37)	| P |

> Legend:
>
> P - Present
>
> A - Absent
>
> L - Late (Arrival Time)
>
> E - Left Early (Time Left)

## Start Quorum
- 8/12 Committee Members (Quorum Met)

## Initial Motions
- A motion to approve this meeting’s agenda was made by Alex and seconded by Graham, passed unanimously.
- A motion to approve last meeting’s minutes was made by Graham and seconded by Benji, passed unanimously. 

## Topics for Discussion

### Budget Reading
- Check folder for file
- Vetoed by Dr. Avent
- Amended file presented today, then will be edited and represented next meeting for voting
- Striked = removed
- Highlighted = changed or added
- Important changes or information not written on the budget:
	- Removed Reserves because they don’t need to be approved
	- Added Emergency Funding in place of reserves (will be reviewed below)
	- Changed wording explaining the beginning fund balance
	- Reduction of around 260k from the pledge + an change made by the school
	- Contracting will be mostly used to renew the Connex

> Alex leaves at 6:54

- 
	- Reserves changed to Emergency Funding
	- Same procedure as before, just a title change

## ABC Update
- Met for the first time last night, discussed what to expect thought the year. Alex Gage was appointed as vice chair.

## SOC Update
- First meeting tomorrow at 5pm via Teams

## ICC Update
- Meeting time not yet confirmed

## LEB Meeting
- First meeting last week, on Thursday at 5pm. No meeting next week, next meeting on the 3rd

## Sustainability Update

## Elections Update

## Public Comment (2 minutes each)

## End Quorum
- 8/12 Committee Members (Quorum Met)

## Next Meeting
- 5/27/2021

> **Adjournment:** 7:16pm
