---
layout: page
title: "Florida Polytechnic University Senate Meeting Minutes (June 24, 2021)"
permalink: /Legislative/Senate/Session8/20210624_Minutes/
categories: Session8
---

> **Date:** 06.24.2021
>
> **Author:** Victoria Correa Andrade
>
> **Called to Order:** 6:34PM

## Attendance

| Member | Meeting Start | Meeting End |
|--------|---|---|
| Melia Rodriguez **(Senate President)** 	| P 		| P |
| Benji Dinal **(Senate Pro Tempore)** 		| P 		| P |
| Graham Gilbert **(ABC Chair)** 			| P 		| P |
| Ezekiel Huynh **(SOC Chair)**				| A 		| A |
| Breanne Menikheim **(ICC Chair)**			| P 		| P |
| Catherine Abraham							| A(Excused) 		| A(Excused) |
| Alexander Gage 							| P 		| P |
| Jake Karas 								| P 		| P |
| Gustavo Maldonado 						| P 		| P |
| Julian Melendez 							| P 		| P |
| Charles 									| P 		| P |
| Douglas Poole 							| P			| P |

> Legend:
>
> P - Present
>
> A - Absent
>
> L - Late (Arrival Time)
>
> E - Left Early (Time Left)

## Start Quorum
- Quorum Met

## Initial Motions
- A motion to approve this meeting’s agenda was made by Alex and seconded by Jake passed unanimously.
- A motion to approve last meeting’s minutes was made by Jake and seconded by Douglas passed unanimously. 

## Topics for Discussion
- Sam – FSA Update
	- Florida Student Association; we participate since we’re a public university
	- Food and Housing and Security Committee 
		- We’re looking at a legislation to limit how much rent and tuition can increase every term/semester
		- If you have any other ideas, contact Sam
	- 2 Rally and Tallies this year:
		- Go to Tallahassee and lobby for those agendas and bills we want
		- October 14th to 16th would be the first
		- There may be a DC trip but it’s not set in stone
	- If you want more stuff to work on, ask Sam and she’ll delegate something to you
- Extra Sam Updates
	- NEST furniture has been sent to Facilities for approval
	- Advisor position has been sent to Dr. Miller for posting
- Constitution Ad Hoc Committee
	- There currently are a lot of issues with our constitution
	- We’ll be rewriting the constitution for that
	- Motion was properly made by Alex and seconded by Jake to create the Constitutional Review Ad Hoc Committee. Motion passes unanimously. 
	- Graham is appointed by Melia as the chair of the Ad Hoc
	- Want to participate:
		- Melia
		- Benji
		- Alex
		- Breanne
		- Victoria
		- Sam
- Staff Appreciation Ad Hoc Committee
	- Purpose: planning an award ceremony for those staff members chosen by the students as going above and beyond
	- Instead of creating an Ad Hoc, merge this and Nova to create a new standing committee in SGA (name pending) 
- Nest at Night Update
	- As a part of orientation, SGA and CAB will be hosting a welcome party open to the entire campus
	- If you have any ideas, send them over to Melia
- Snow cones and Suggestions
	- In the first few weeks upon coming back from campus, have this event where we give out snow cones and students could talk to us about anything
	- We can also give out ices or ice cream
	- Another idea would be to have the cafeteria work as a vendor to set up a snowcone bar
	- Lead: Benji


## Committee Status Reports:

### ABC Update
- Idea: Dance Dance Revolution system set up somewhere on campus for students to use and have fun
- Trying to come up with fundraising ideas (send any you have to Graham)

### SOC Update
- Vice chair appointed
- Talked about ESOs and what rules they would be under

### ICC Update
- Review business cards and name tags
- Talked about the polo design
- All will need to be wait to be ordered after Fall elections

### LEB Meeting
- Discussed Finance Code changes
- Decided to create the Constitution Ad Hoc Committee

### Elections Committee
- 

### Safety Committee
-

### Sustainability Committee
- 

## Public Comment (2 minutes each)
- 

## End Quorum
- Quorum Met

## Next Meeting
- 01/07/2021

> **Adjournment:** 7:24PM
