---
layout: page
title: "Florida Polytechnic University Senate Meeting Minutes (July 08, 2021)"
permalink: /Legislative/Senate/Session8/20210708_Minutes/
categories: Session8
---

> **Date:** 07.08.2021
>
> **Author:** Benji Dinal
>
> **Called to Order:** hh:mmPM

## Attendance

| Member | Meeting Start | Meeting End |
|--------|---|---|
| Melia Rodriguez **(Senate President)** 	| P 		| P |
| Benji Dinal **(Senate Pro Tempore)** 		| P 		| P |
| Graham Gilbert **(ABC Chair)** 			| P 		| P |
| Ezekiel Huynh **(SOC Chair)**				| A 		| A |
| Breanne Menikheim **(ICC Chair)**			| P 		| P |
| Catherine Abraham							| On Leave 		| On Leave |
| Alexander Gage 							| A 		| A |
| Jake Karas 								| P 		| P |
| Gustavo Maldonado 						| P 		| P |
| Julian Melendez 							| P 		| P |
| Mc Ben Joe Charles 						| P 		| P |
| Douglas Poole 							| P			| P |

> Legend:
>
> P - Present
>
> A - Absent
>
> L - Late (Arrival Time)
>
> E - Left Early (Time Left)

## Start Quorum
- Quorum Met

## Initial Motions
- A motion to approve this meeting’s agenda was made by Jake Karas and seconded by Douglass passed unanimously/(Results of the vote if not unanimous). 
- A motion to approve last meeting’s minutes was made by Jake Karas and seconded by Douglass passed unanimously/(Results of the vote if not unanimous).

## Topics for Discussion
- Attendance
  - Melia reminds the Senate about attendance; she reminds Senate too email her before the meeting. Melia wants everyone to know that this is a job and attendance, and timeliness is important. 
  - Graham wants everyone to know that they want to people to be present and at the same professional area.  
- Decorum 
  - Melia wants everyone know she wants to know that she wants appropriate ideas and to keep decorum and to keep it classy. 
  - More attentiveness in the meeting is important. Keep the ball rolling. 
- SGA Website  
  - Melia wants people to know that there is a website for SGA in the making with information that is relevant to SGA, we currently have a tab.  
  - Some ideas Melia have is contact information and updated documents and links.  
  - Melia also wants to ask marketing  to have a new tab for student government. 
  - Links to phoenix link was suggested to the senate by Breanne. 
  - Most of senate agree that we should have the SGA as its own tab. 
  - Graham suggested we base this website off UCF Website. 
  - Melia suggests a suggestion box. 

Weekly Update 

ABC Discussed Fundraising Ideas this week. 

SOC Discussed Club signups and Pheonix link. 

ICC Discussed finalized T-shirt designs and also team bonding activities. 

If anyone wants to leave or join a committee, please send an email. 

Constitutional Ad- Hoc committee bi-weekly meetings are still being determined, most likely to attend on Mondays. 

## Public Comment (2 minutes each)
- 

## End Quorum
- Quorum Met

## Next Meeting
- 07/15/2021

> **Adjournment:** 07:10PM
