---
layout: page
title: "Florida Polytechnic University Senate Meeting Minutes (July 22, 2021)"
permalink: /Legislative/Senate/Session8/20210722_Minutes/
categories: Session8
---

> **Date:** 07.22.2021
>
> **Author:** Victoria Correa Andrade
>
> **Called to Order:** 06:30PM

## Attendance

| Member                                 | Meeting Start | Meeting End |
| -------------------------------------- | ------------- | ----------- |
| Melia Rodriguez **(Senate President)** | P             | P           |
| Benji Dinal **(Senate Pro Tempore)**   | P             | P           |
| Graham Gilbert **(ABC Chair)**         | A             | A           |
| Ezekiel Huynh **(SOC Chair)**          | P             | P           |
| Breanne Menikheim **(ICC Chair)**      | ON LEAVE      | ON LEAVE    |
| Catherine Abraham                      | P             | P           |
| Alexander Gage                         | P             | P           |
| Jake Karas                             | P             | P           |
| Gustavo Maldonado                      | P             | P           |
| Julian Melendez                        | A             | A           |
| Charles                                | P             | P           |
| Douglas Poole                          | P             | P           |

> Legend:
>
> P - Present
>
> A - Absent
>
> L - Late (Arrival Time)
>
> E - Left Early (Time Left)

## Start Quorum
- Quorum Met

## Initial Motions
- A motion to approve this meeting’s agenda was made by Jake and seconded by Doug passed unanimously.
- A motion to approve last meeting’s minutes was made by Jake and seconded by Charles passed unanimously.  

## Topics for Discussion
- Scheduled Speaker: Graham on Constitutional Ad Hoc Committee scheduling 
  - There have been a lot of scheduling conflicts so we haven’t be able to schedule a meeting 
  - The next few weeks are very busy for everybody, and after that our schedules will change again 
  - Senate agrees to wait until Fall to start committee meetings 
  - A new whenisgood will be sent out to get Fall availability 
- SGA Headshots 
  - Melia sent an email asking for availability for the headshots 
  - For the website profiles, do we want to have two sets of pictures or the same picture for the miniature and full profile? 
    - Same picture 
  - Suits X Polos for the photos 
    - Polos, to make it more uniform 
- Meeting time for next week and following week 
  - OL training conflicts with our meetings 
  - For those two meetings, the meeting will start at 6pm instead of 6:30pm 

## Committee Status Reports:

### ABC Update
- Fundraising options 
  - Branded swag to sell at events, including move-in, parent day, etc. 
    - Reach out to other departments to have our items on display  
  - Selling concessions at different events, like soccer games and movie nights 
  - Car Wash (attached to res halls or behind the wellness) 
  - Tournament with prize, and selling concessions and branding stuff 

### SOC Update
- 2nd week without a meeting

### ICC Update
- No meeting this week

### LEB Meeting
- No meeting this week

### Constitution Review Ad Hoc
- Discussed during this meeting

## Public Comment (2 minutes each)
- 

## End Quorum
- Quorum Met

## Next Meeting
- 07/29/2021

> **Adjournment:** 06:55PM
