---
layout: page
title: "Florida Polytechnic University Senate Meeting Minutes (August 05, 2021)"
permalink: /Legislative/Senate/Session8/20210805_Minutes/
categories: Session8
---

> **Date:** 08.05.2021
>
> **Author:** Benji Dinal
>
> **Called to Order:** 06:05PM

## Attendance

| Member                                 | Meeting Start | Meeting End |
| -------------------------------------- | ------------- | ----------- |
| Melia Rodriguez **(Senate President)** | P             | P           |
| Benji Dinal **(Senate Pro Tempore)**   | P             | P           |
| Graham Gilbert **(ABC Chair)**         | P             | P           |
| Ezekiel Huynh **(SOC Chair)**          | A             | A           |
| Breanne Menikheim **(ICC Chair)**      | P             | P           |
| Catherine Abraham                      | ON LEAVE      | ON LEAVE    |
| Alexander Gage                         | P             | P           |
| Jake Karas                             | P             | P           |
| Gustavo Maldonado                      | P             | P           |
| Julian Melendez                        | P             | P           |
| Charles                                | A             | A           |
| Douglas Poole                          | P             | P           |

> Legend:
>
> P - Present
>
> A - Absent
>
> L - Late (Arrival Time)
>
> E - Left Early (Time Left)

## Start Quorum
- Quorum Met

## Initial Motions
- A motion to approve this meeting’s agenda was made by Alex and seconded by Douge passed unanimously/(Results of the vote if not unanimous). 
- A motion to approve last meeting’s minutes was made by Graham and seconded by Benji passed unanimously/(Results of the vote if not unanimous).  

## Topics for Discussion
- SOC Meeting 
  - Making up meeting because there is a lack of quorum last week, Friday next week  and Wednesday at 5pm. 
- Fall Semester 
  - Last Meetings of the Summer 
  - Quorum 
  - In person meetings in the Fall 
- Committee Updates 
  - ABC, But Jake has been unreliable. 
  - SOC has not met, they have been planning club row. Clubs have one in door day and one door has an outdoor day. 
  - ICC does not have updates 
These people do not have a polo: 
- Menikheim, Breanne
- Karas, Jake
- Gilbert, Graham
- Alexander Gage
- Poole, Douglas

## Public Comment (2 minutes each)
- Graham had a query about an SGA table for orientation, Melia informs the public that there will be a thing for SGA. 

## End Quorum
- Quorum Met

## Next Meeting
- Fall Semester TBD

> **Adjournment:** 06:15PM
