---
layout: page
title: "Florida Polytechnic University Senate Meeting Minutes (June 10, 2021)"
permalink: /Legislative/Senate/Session8/20210610_Minutes/
categories: Session8
---

> **Date:** 06.10.2021
>
> **Author:** Victoria Correa Andrade
>
> **Called to Order:** 6:36PM

## Attendance

| Member | Meeting Start | Meeting End |
|--------|---|---|
| Melia Rodriguez **(Senate President)** 	| P 		| P |
| Benji Dinal **(Senate Pro Tempore)** 		| P 		| P |
| Graham Gilbert **(ABC Chair)** 			| P 		| P |
| Ezekiel Huynh **(SOC Chair)**				| P 		| P |
| Breanne Menikheim **(ICC Chair)**			| P 		| E(7:00) |
| Catherine Abraham							| P 		| P |
| Alexander Gage 							| P 		| P |
| Jake Karas 								| P 		| P |
| Gustavo Maldonado 						| P 		| P |
| Julian Melendez 							| P 		| P |
| Charles 									| A 		| P |
| Douglas Poole 							| P			| P |

> Legend:
>
> P - Present
>
> A - Absent
>
> L - Late (Arrival Time)
>
> E - Left Early (Time Left)

## Start Quorum
- 11/12 Committee Members (Quorum Met)

## Initial Motions
- A motion to approve this meeting’s agenda was made by Alex and seconded by Jake passed unanimously
- A motion to approve last meeting’s minutes was made by Benji and seconded by Jake passed unanimously

## Topics for Discussion
- Fall welcome back event
	- Melia suggests a succulent event
	- Ezekiel has worries about that as it was a Sustainability Event
	- Benji suggests an SGA snow cones as event
	- This was received well by the senate
	- Senate suggests we hold it in the nest
	- Graham suggests doing it during move in, Benji wanted to also remind everyone that SGA sold shirts last year.
	- Senate receives this well.
	- Gram warns us of our budget.
	- Melia likes the idea of a snow cone mixer, but she want more.
	- Ezekiel is talking to the CAB to gain more information for Purple fire weekend. 
	- CAB is having retainment issues; Melia suggests promoting CAB as much as possible.
	- Melia suggests more outreach.
	- Melia puts CAB outreach on the agenda.
	- Julian suggests a game night
	- Gustavo suggests a Rhythm Game Collaboration with Resident Life
	- Nest at Night, name by Eziekiel 
	- Melia suggests emailing reslife with CAB
	- Jimmy wants more from the food trucks coming, he suggests the talking to CAB for this
	- Melia wants to have an event with the food trucks
	- Jimmy states that Chicken Fila catering is 400 dollars 
	- Benji states that a snow cone machine is around 200 dollars
	- Jake (Treasurer) wants the senate too to know that SGA sold shirts last year (Benji also previously mentioned this) and CAB might do something.


## Committee Status Reports:

### ABC Update
- updating the Fundraising Policy

### SOC Update
- working on CLUB row and is working with clubs who are having election issues

### ICC Update
- working with marketing on shirt Designs

### LEB Meeting
- working on policy changes

### Elections Committee
- 

### Safety Committee
-

### Sustainability Committee
- 

## Public Comment (2 minutes each)
- Sam brings up that sustainability is having issues. Sam is having a meeting with Emerus and is discussing her status. Sam discusses is she wants to still run in sustainability.
	- Eziekiel talks about Emerus and says she was not fully debriefed about sustainability

## End Quorum
- 10/12 Committee Members (Quorum Met)

## Next Meeting
- 

> **Adjournment:** 7:22PM
