---
layout: minutes
title: "Florida Polytechnic University Senate Meeting Minutes (June 17, 2021)"
permalink: /Legislative/Senate/Session8/20210617_Minutes/
categories: Session8
---

> **Date:** 06.17.2021
>
> **Author:** Victoria Correa Andrade
>
> **Called to Order:** 6:36PM

## Attendance

| Member | Meeting Start | Meeting End |
|--------|---|---|
| Melia Rodriguez **(Senate President)** 	| P 		| P |
| Benji Dinal **(Senate Pro Tempore)** 		| P 		| P |
| Graham Gilbert **(ABC Chair)** 			| P 		| P |
| Ezekiel Huynh **(SOC Chair)**				| P 		| P |
| Breanne Menikheim **(ICC Chair)**			| P 		| P |
| Catherine Abraham							| A(Excused) 		| A(Excused) |
| Alexander Gage 							| P 		| P |
| Jake Karas 								| A 		| A |
| Gustavo Maldonado 						| P 		| P |
| Julian Melendez 							| P 		| P |
| Charles 									| P 		| P |
| Douglas Poole 							| P			| P |

> Legend:
>
> P - Present
>
> A - Absent
>
> L - Late (Arrival Time)
>
> E - Left Early (Time Left)

## Start Quorum
- Quorum Met

## Initial Motions
- A motion to approve this meeting’s agenda was made by Alex and seconded by Benji passed unanimously.
- A motion to approve last meeting’s minutes was made by Benji and seconded by Alex passed unanimously. 

## Topics for Discussion
- <u>Attendance Guidelines</u> 
	- Three strike system
	- Includes general and committee
	- Up to a week after to update about absences
	- Cameras now required during meetings
	- Document in folder detailing this
- Fall Welcome Back Event Update
	- Will meet with CAB president to tell him about this idea (raised in another meeting, please look at previous meeting minutes for more detail)
	- Summary: All students come to the Nest. We’ll provide games and maybe food for students as a welcome back
	- Selling t-shirts and handing out popsicles during move in
	- Note that if we’re selling the t-shirts they cannot be bought with A&S fees
- Outreach Ideas
	- Welcome back event: t-shirts, flyers with information about SGA
	- Have SGA desk hours more frequently
	- Having senators contact information available somewhere easy for students
		- Business cards holders at SGA desk
		- Have something more permanent than the business cards, since those run out 
			- There will be a corkboard in the Nest that we can put this on
	- Community service outing, maybe once per semester, sponsored by the Senate
	- Suggestion/Complaint box for anonymous feedback
	- SGA website
		- Individual
		- On the main FLPoly website
	- During orientation, have a SGA presentation
		- Maybe instead during that week, not necessarily the day of
	- Place for poster for more student access:
		- Next to cafeteria
		- In the resident halls
		- Put in places students go to a lot
	- Instagram
		- Who runs it currently?
			- No one, since our Student Media Director has not yet been appointed
		- Idea: have ICC handle it
	- Recommendation:  ensure we properly preplan and post the information up a good time before the event (recommended: a month)
	- Ezekiel can provide stock-like photos to aid in poster-making
- Finance Code Changes
	- Removed Director of Student Development and instead included SGA Advisor, as that is the new position responsible for the listed practices
	- Changed merchandise and t-shirt buying to $15 maximum cap for both, instead of 10 for t-shirts
	- 709 wording was changed from Freezing to Suspension to avoid clashing with SOC’s RSOs’ status

> Ezekiel leaves at 7:14pm
> 
> Ezekiel returns at 7:16pm

- Suspending clubs (not in agenda)
	- Should we suspend clubs before notifying them?
	- Consensus is first the club should have the ability to talk in the Senate before the vote is held to suspend them
	- Should the SOC be the ones indicating to the Senate who to suspend?
	- SOC chair’s view: No. Instead of having the SOC having to recommend, have it be something that the Senate can do in case of a big case on campus (example given in meeting: shooting a Trustee with a paintball gun) and to go around the bureaucracy in the SOC
	- Process of suspension has to be properly outlined
	- This section will be reconsidered at a further date

## Committee Status Reports:

### ABC Update
- Weekly check-in
- PR submission is closed, will reopen when the fiscal year starts in July 1st

### SOC Update
- Update to SOC Handbook
- Club Row – will be asking clubs what format they prefer

### ICC Update
- Julian is the vice-chair
	- SGA retreat
		- Split it up into 2 days (Saturday and Sunday): one for information and one for activities

### LEB Meeting
- Attendance policy
- Finance code (both presented today)

### Elections Committee
- 

### Safety Committee
-

### Sustainability Committee
- 

## Public Comment (2 minutes each)
- 

## End Quorum
- Quorum Met

## Next Meeting
- 06/24/2021

> **Adjournment:** 7:47PM
