---
layout: page
title: "Florida Polytechnic University Senate Meeting Minutes (July 13, 2021)"
permalink: /Legislative/Senate/Session8/20210715_Minutes/
categories: Session8
---

> **Date:** 07.15.2021
>
> **Author:** Victoria Correa Andrade
>
> **Called to Order:** 06:32PM

## Attendance

| Member                                 | Meeting Start | Meeting End |
| -------------------------------------- | ------------- | ----------- |
| Melia Rodriguez **(Senate President)** | P             | P           |
| Benji Dinal **(Senate Pro Tempore)**   | P             | P           |
| Graham Gilbert **(ABC Chair)**         | P             | P           |
| Ezekiel Huynh **(SOC Chair)**          | A             | A           |
| Breanne Menikheim **(ICC Chair)**      | P             | P           |
| Catherine Abraham                      | ON LEAVE      | ON LEAVE    |
| Alexander Gage                         | A             | A           |
| Jake Karas                             | P             | P           |
| Gustavo Maldonado                      | P             | P           |
| Julian Melendez                        | P             | P           |
| Charles                                | P             | P           |
| Douglas Poole                          | P             | P           |

> Legend:
>
> P - Present
>
> A - Absent
>
> L - Late (Arrival Time)
> E - Left Early (Time Left)

## Start Quorum
- Quorum Met

## Initial Motions
- A motion to approve this meeting’s agenda was made by Jake and seconded by Benji passed unanimously. 
- A motion to approve last meeting’s minutes was made by Jake and seconded by Douglas passed unanimously.  

## Topics for Discussion
- SGA Website Update 
  - Not in main nav 
  - Get a relook in our page so it works with tabs instead of nested pages 
    - Update information 
    - Add calendar and information for members 
    - Public information documents 
    - Anonymous Suggestion box 
    - Getting Involved section 
- Photos for Website 
  - We’ll be taking photos to put on the website 
  - September 15th from 10:30am to 11:30am (tentative) 
  - Attire: Phoenix shirt (from leadership meeting) 
- SGA Logo Change 
  - Last term they studied changing the logos 
  - A senate member suggested having a logo and a seal (for official documents) 
  - Senators agree that changing the logo is the best idea 
  - Logo chosen was the 4th in the document 

## Committee Status Reports:

### ABC Update
- No updates

### SOC Update
- No updates

### ICC Update
- Send polo design to marketing 

### LEB Meeting
- Reviewed the statutes 
  - Talked about 3 promotion events: 
    - Snow cones 
    - First meetings 
    - Presentation during orientation 

### Constitution Ad Hoc
- Weekly meetings not scheduled yet

## Public Comment (2 minutes each)
- Leadership Training 
  - Email this week from Dr. Porta 
  - Weeklong event 
  - Move in early for the dorms 
  - Lunch provided 

## End Quorum
- Quorum Met

## Next Meeting
- 07/22/2021

> **Adjournment:** 07:01PM
