---
layout: minutes
title: "Florida Polytechnic University Senate Meeting Minutes (June 3, 2021)"
permalink: /Legislative/Senate/Session8/20210603_Minutes/
categories: Session8
---

> **Date:** 06.03.2021
>
> **Author:** Victoria Correa Andrade
>
> **Called to Order:** 6:34PM

## Attendance

| Member | Meeting Start | Meeting End |
|--------|---|---|
| Melia Rodriguez **(Senate President)** 	| P 		| P |
| Benji Dinal **(Senate Pro Tempore)** 		| P 		| P |
| Graham Gilbert **(ABC Chair)** 			| P 		| P |
| Ezekiel Huynh **(SOC Chair)**				| P 		| P |
| Breanne Menikheim **(ICC Chair)**			| P 		| P |
| Catherine Abraham							| L (6:37) 	| P |
| Alexander Gage 							| P 		| P |
| Jake Karas 								| P 		| P |
| Gustavo Maldonado 						| P 		| P |
| Julian Melendez 							| A 		| A |
| Charles 									| P 		| P |
| Akshad Patel 								| A 		| A |
| Douglas Poole 							| P			| P |

> Legend:
>
> P - Present
>
> A - Absent
>
> L - Late (Arrival Time)
>
> E - Left Early (Time Left)

## Start Quorum
- 9/12 Committee Members (Quorum Met)

## Initial Motions
- A motion to approve this meeting’s agenda was made by Benji and seconded by Graham passed unanimously.
- A motion to approve last meeting’s minutes was made by Alex and seconded by Jake passed unanimously. 

## Topics for Discussion
- Possible Meeting Time Change
	- In past summers all meetings, general and committees were in a large block one right after another. Do we want to do this again?
	- Opinions:
		- Was not good last session; very tiring
		- This was done in previous summer so commuters would only have to come once a week
	- Result: Meetings continue the same
- Golf certification
	- Link was put in chat
	- Everyone that wants can this one time course, take the quiz, screenshot the results, and email those to Jimmy Surin
	- Suggested if you are in the SOC and ABC


## Committee Status Reports:

### ABC Update
- Budget was presented to the Senate and passed last week
- Purple Fire travel request was modified; should still be good to go

### SOC Update
- Vice chair has been indicated: Charles
- Tomorrow they’ll work on SOC documents and start organizing for Club Row

### ICC Update
- First meeting tomorrow at 1pm
- Will be picking the vice-chair and discussing the polo design and the retreat

### LEB Meeting
- Discussed the Connex and different changes that might be implemented

### Elections Committee
- 

### Safety Committee
-

### Sustainability Committee
- 

## Public Comment (2 minutes each)
- Add Sustainability and Safety committees to LEB agenda

## End Quorum
- 10/12 Committee Members (Quorum Met)

## Next Meeting
- 06/10/2021

> **Adjournment:** 6:56PM
