---
layout: page
title: "Florida Polytechnic University Senate Meeting Minutes (March 30, 2022)"
permalink: /Legislative/Senate/Session8/20220330_Minutes/
categories: Session8
---

> **Date:** 03.30.2022
>
> **Author:** Victoria Correa Andrade
>
> **Called to Order:** 04:00PM

## Attendance

| Member                                  | Meeting Start | Meeting End |
| --------------------------------------- | ------------- | ----------- |
| Melia Rodriguez **(Senate President)**  | P             | P           |
| Graham Gilbert **(Senate Pro Tempore)** | P             | P           |
| Tristan Sylvain **(ABC Chair)**         | EXCUSED       | EXCUSED     |
| Alexander Gage  **(SOC Chair)**         | P             | P           |
| Gustavo Maldonado **(ICC Chair)**       | EXCUSED             | EXCUSED          |
| Justin Sanchez Almirola                 | P             | P           |
| Ekar Pena                               | P             | P           |
| Jake Karas                              | P             | P           |
| Charles                                 | P      | P    |
| Douglas Poole                           | P             | P           |
| Benjamin Brienen                        | P             | P           |

> Legend:
>
> P - Present
>
> A - Absent
>
> L - Late (Arrival Time)
>
> E - Left Early (Time Left)

## Start Quorum
- Quorum Met

## Initial Motions
- A motion to approve this meeting’s agenda was made by Charles and seconded by Graham passed unanimously. 
- A motion to approve last meeting’s minutes was made by Doug and seconded by Charles passed unanimously. 

## Topics for Discussion
- SGA Advisor Welcome – Isabelle Starner 
  - Office at SDC 
  - Introduced herself 
- Elections
  - Applicant meetings have been held 
  - List of runners finalized 
- NOVA 
  - April 22nd 
  - Lake Mirror Auditorium 
  - RSVP form on the Teams – max 200 attendance 
  - Need volunteers day-of to organize the event, as well as making the centerpieces a few days before 
- End of session timeline 
  - Elections are the 5th and 6th of April 
  - Confirm results on the 13th 
  - Transition meeting on the 20th 
  - Retreat 23rd April 
  - Retreat schedule was changed – now the advisors are the only ones presenting 
    - Why would the advisors being the only ones presenting? 
      - Shouldn’t be upon the advisor to know everything about all of this, in the opinion of the Executive board 
    - Color of money is not present 
      - They want to do it as a workshop placed through the Summer instead of during the retreat (online) 
    - Talked about moving retreat so people can focus on it for after finals 
      - Don’t want to have the entire Retreat online 
    - Paul’s view: 
      - This is an orientation, not a retreat 
      - The most important part of this event is to meet your coworkers. Anything else is a plus 
      - Want to have continuity in case there is a complete change in SGA 
  - Is this too much information for one person only to know? 
    - Might not be, since that is their job, unlike us who are students and have other things to remember as well 
- Senate Responsibilities 
  - Presented documents 
  - Current responsibilities for all committees and positions 
  - Continuity book by next LEB meeting 
- Apportionment 
  - Did not provide a bill for the senate apportionment 
  - Reapportion senate for next session by flipping the number of engineering and tech reps? 
  - The constitution states the percentage, so it is not possible to modify 
  - The number of seats are done based on the amount of students in that college 
  - Any changes to apportionment has to be done next session 
- Graded attendance 
  - Senate can discuss but it is not in the purview of the SGA 
  - Can survey the students or hold a town hall meeting to see their opinions before acting on it if it’ll be acted on at all 
  - Might be receiving an email about the attendance policy from the provost 
- Limited Parking 
  - Want to convene parking committee to talk about the lack of parking on campus 

## Committee Status Reports:

### ABC Update
- PFR purchase request 
  - $25,500 
- Updated budget request for Paul’s line item 
- Other budget meetings 
- First reading of budget next meeting 

### SOC Update
- RSO Elections 
- People interested in reviving ASTRO 

### ICC Update
- See retreat agenda item 

### LEB Meeting
- Senate handbook is being worked on 
- Talked about modifying ICC responsibilities 

### Elections Committee
- See above

### Safety Committee
- Not present

### Sustainability Committee
- Not present

## Public Comment (2 minutes each)
- They have been closing Einstein for 30 mins to an hour early because of staffing 
- Open Fire and Ash on Saturdays 

## End Quorum
- Quorum Met

## Next Meeting
- 04.06.2022

> **Adjournment:** 04:59PM
