<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en"><head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"><!-- Begin Jekyll SEO tag v2.7.1 -->
<title>Florida Polytechnic University Executive Board Meeting Minutes (March 02, 2022) | Florida Poly Student Government</title>
<meta name="generator" content="Jekyll v3.9.0" />
<meta property="og:title" content="Florida Polytechnic University Executive Board Meeting Minutes (March 02, 2022)" />
<meta property="og:locale" content="en_US" />
<meta name="description" content="Welcome to the Florida Poly Student Government page! Here you can find all of our official documents including statutes, meeting minutes, and more!" />
<meta property="og:description" content="Welcome to the Florida Poly Student Government page! Here you can find all of our official documents including statutes, meeting minutes, and more!" />
<link rel="canonical" href="https://flpolysga.github.io/Executive/Session8/20220302_Minutes/" />
<meta property="og:url" content="https://flpolysga.github.io/Executive/Session8/20220302_Minutes/" />
<meta property="og:site_name" content="Florida Poly Student Government" />
<meta name="twitter:card" content="summary" />
<meta property="twitter:title" content="Florida Polytechnic University Executive Board Meeting Minutes (March 02, 2022)" />
<script type="application/ld+json">
{"description":"Welcome to the Florida Poly Student Government page! Here you can find all of our official documents including statutes, meeting minutes, and more!","headline":"Florida Polytechnic University Executive Board Meeting Minutes (March 02, 2022)","@type":"WebPage","url":"https://flpolysga.github.io/Executive/Session8/20220302_Minutes/","@context":"https://schema.org"}</script>
<!-- End Jekyll SEO tag -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/main.css"><link type="application/atom+xml" rel="alternate" href="https://flpolysga.github.io/feed.xml" title="Florida Poly Student Government" /></head>
<body><header class="site-header" role="banner">

  <div class="wrapper"><a class="site-title" rel="author" href="/">Florida Poly Student Government</a><nav class="site-nav">
        <input type="checkbox" id="nav-trigger" class="nav-trigger" />
        <label for="nav-trigger">
          <span class="menu-icon">
            <svg viewBox="0 0 18 15" width="18px" height="15px">
              <path d="M18,1.484c0,0.82-0.665,1.484-1.484,1.484H1.484C0.665,2.969,0,2.304,0,1.484l0,0C0,0.665,0.665,0,1.484,0 h15.032C17.335,0,18,0.665,18,1.484L18,1.484z M18,7.516C18,8.335,17.335,9,16.516,9H1.484C0.665,9,0,8.335,0,7.516l0,0 c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484h15.032C17.335,6.031,18,6.696,18,7.516L18,7.516z M18,13.516C18,14.335,17.335,15,16.516,15H1.484 C0.665,15,0,14.335,0,13.516l0,0c0-0.82,0.665-1.483,1.484-1.483h15.032C17.335,12.031,18,12.695,18,13.516L18,13.516z"/>
            </svg>
          </span>
        </label>

        <div class="trigger"><a class="page-link" href="/Executive/Executive/">Executive</a><a class="page-link" href="/Legislative/Legislative/">Legislative</a><a class="page-link" href="/Judicial/Judicial/">Judicial</a></div>
      </nav></div>
</header>
<main class="page-content" aria-label="Content">
      <div class="wrapper">
        <article class="post">

  <header class="post-header">
    <h1 class="post-title">Florida Polytechnic University Executive Board Meeting Minutes (March 02, 2022)</h1>
  </header>

  <div class="post-content">
    <blockquote>
  <p><strong>Date:</strong> 03.02.2022</p>

  <p><strong>Author:</strong> Victoria Correa Andrade</p>
</blockquote>

<h2 id="attendance">Attendance</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Samantha Ashby <em>President</em></li>
  <li>Gus Lipkin <em>Vice President</em></li>
  <li>Jake Greenberg <em>Treasurer</em></li>
  <li>Victoria Correa Andrade <em>Chief of Staff</em></li>
  <li>Dmitri *Standards and Enforcement *</li>
  <li>Vanessa Townsend <em>CAB President</em></li>
  <li><del>Inez Prior *Student Media Director *</del> Joined at 7:09pm</li>
  <li><del><em>Safety Committee</em></del></li>
  <li>~~Jacob Strayer <em>Sustainability Committee</em> ~~</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="guests-in-attendance">Guests in Attendance</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Melia Rodriguez – Senate President</li>
  <li>Hailey Skoglund – Chief Justice</li>
  <li>Kyle Roy – Sustainability Representative</li>
</ul>

<blockquote>
  <p><strong>Start Time:</strong> 05:44PM</p>
</blockquote>

<h2 id="initial-motions">Initial Motions</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Motion has been properly made to approve this meeting’s agenda by Jake and seconded by Victoria, passes unanimously.</li>
  <li>Motion has been properly made to approve last meeting’s meeting minutes by Jake and seconded by Gus, passes unanimously.</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="external-updates">External Updates</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Hailey
    <ul>
      <li>Interviewed Dmitri for the S&amp;E position
        <ul>
          <li>Recommended him for the position
            <ul>
              <li>Got confirmed in the Senate meeting before this Executive meeting</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Travel Request
        <ul>
          <li>Alex Gage and one other student (Daneel)</li>
          <li>Georgia Tech physics conference</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Vanessa
    <ul>
      <li>Special Requests for the NEST
        <ul>
          <li>Open Mic Night
            <ul>
              <li>Motion has been properly made to approve the use of the NEST for Open Mic Night during Fl PolyCon by Jake and seconded by Victoria, passes unanimously.</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>Fl PolyCon – Volunteer space and storage
            <ul>
              <li>Motion has been properly made to deny the use of the NEST backspace for storage during Fl PolyCon by Jake and seconded by Gus, passes unanimously.</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Fl PolyCon next year
        <ul>
          <li>There are some people that would still be interested in organizing the event</li>
          <li>Current chair does not want to do to again, and most heads also stated that they do not want to do it again</li>
          <li>Would rather have it happen, even if the university has to take it over</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Melia
    <ul>
      <li>Confirmed Dmitri for the S&amp;E position</li>
      <li>Reactivated Tabletop</li>
      <li>Decorum at the desk</li>
      <li>Having non-SGA people behind the desk</li>
      <li>ABC has been working on budgets and allocations</li>
      <li>Reading of the constitution</li>
      <li>NOVA
        <ul>
          <li>Ordered everything but star projectors</li>
          <li>Venue PR is in</li>
          <li>Chair covers PR</li>
          <li>16 responses for NOVA awards
            <ul>
              <li>Timeline was somewhat shifted</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>Flyers were put around campus</li>
          <li>Paul is helping with getting police</li>
          <li>Will be revisiting alcohol during the event</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>NOVA in the ARC
        <ul>
          <li>Probably not happening</li>
          <li>Heard that there could be an event happening in the ARC in the next month in the ARC for something related to the President’s wife</li>
          <li>Atrium in ARC has 500 people standing capacity with no tables</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="executive-updates">Executive Updates</h2>

<h3 id="standards-and-enforcement">Standards and Enforcement</h3>
<ul>
  <li>No updates</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="chief-of-staff">Chief of Staff</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Met with Dmitri for Phoenix Link training</li>
  <li>Scheduled meeting with Dr. Hickman for garden</li>
  <li>Scheduled meetings with Jacob and Inez</li>
  <li>Will try to talk to Brennan to add Executive Appointments to the elections application for interest gathering</li>
  <li>Slowly working on getting Senate and Executive Session 8 on GitHub</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="treasurer">Treasurer</h3>
<ul>
  <li>RSOs submitted budgets
    <ul>
      <li>Some submitted very high budgets</li>
      <li>PFR</li>
      <li>Music Association</li>
      <li>Chess</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Working on finance manual</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="vice-president">Vice President</h3>
<ul>
  <li>ARC Tour
    <ul>
      <li>Done by end of May, but not all furniture</li>
      <li>They are thinking about parking</li>
      <li>2 more buildings being built</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

<h3 id="president">President</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Meeting with Foundation on Friday – NOVA Awards scholarships</li>
  <li>SGA Banquet and Awards
    <ul>
      <li>Needs to be planned</li>
      <li>SGA, CAB, and upper Fl PolyCon leadership</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Will be discussing the NEST with JT</li>
  <li>Also asked him about a Sports Mural</li>
  <li>Email RSOs about assets not being able to be stored off campus</li>
  <li>Respond to Paul for the 1:1 meetings</li>
  <li>Do we want SGA tents for our pop-up events?
    <ul>
      <li>No</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="agenda">Agenda</h2>

<h3 id="fl-polycon">Fl PolyCon</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Need Square Readers for PolyCon
    <ul>
      <li>Check-in and Merch</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Also need people with access to them to accept payment day of
    <ul>
      <li>Might be easier to have CAB people do the square readers</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

<h3 id="fsa">FSA</h3>
<ul>
  <li>FSA Hard conflicts with FL PolyCon this year. Gus will be attending in place of Sam, with Hailey Skoglund also in attendance.</li>
  <li>Happening at UCF on 3/19</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="campus-labs">Campus Labs</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Waiting on approved PR</li>
  <li>Would like university to split the cost
    <ul>
      <li>Not yet decided if they want a branch</li>
      <li>Want a quote to decide</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Can approve amount now; would come out of contracts</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="teams">TEAMS</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Met with Derek to try and hash out a few initial details</li>
  <li>Need to meet again</li>
  <li>Do not have the list of TEAMS of next year</li>
  <li>Need the ESO policy</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="rise-up">Rise Up</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Requirements for membership are high compared to other university
    <ul>
      <li>Be an ESO and report to Title IX office or give them a separate line item as Title IX office
        <ul>
          <li>ESO most likely</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

<h3 id="sga-staffing">SGA Staffing</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Contract has been signed; the candidate accepted the position</li>
  <li>Starts at the end of the March</li>
  <li>Paul is preparing her onboarding</li>
  <li>Advisor payment
    <ul>
      <li>Have to pitch the percentage to Parker, since the school will be paying part of the salary</li>
      <li>Cannot sign contract; would have to be a Memorandum of Understanding
        <ul>
          <li>Parker will most likely ask for it to be part of a statute</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Paul’s access to Teams
    <ul>
      <li>Most in favor for him to have reading access</li>
      <li>Vote of confidence to give Paul viewing access to the Teams
        <ul>
          <li>Passes unanimously</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

<h3 id="sga-pay">SGA Pay</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Some people have not been paid for the Fall</li>
  <li>One person cannot be paid because they do not have an SSN and other documents</li>
  <li>Looking into drafting a statute for SGA remuneration</li>
  <li>Still working on SGA training manual</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="travel-liability-form">Travel Liability Form</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Made a form for travel</li>
  <li>Any students travelling would sign</li>
  <li>Waiver</li>
  <li>Needs to go through legal and the university needs to enforce it</li>
  <li>One for independent student travel and one for RSOs</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="phoenix-square">Phoenix Square</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Tomorrow</li>
  <li>Ice cream is in the cooler</li>
  <li>Ice cream will be in IST South because we need power</li>
  <li>Taking chess and connect 4 (and maybe Giant Jenga)</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="constitution">Constitution</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Any feedback on the constitution?
    <ul>
      <li>Need to talk to legal about impeachment</li>
      <li>Formatting has to be fixed</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

<h3 id="general-discussion">General Discussion</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Sustainability
    <ul>
      <li>Dr. Vallaro is thinking of building something on the garden</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Blackout is the same day as NOVA
    <ul>
      <li>Will either be moved or canceled</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

<blockquote>
  <p><strong>End Time:</strong> 08:11PM</p>
</blockquote>

<h2 id="attendance-1">Attendance</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Samantha Ashby <em>President</em></li>
  <li>Gus Lipkin <em>Vice President</em></li>
  <li>Jake Greenberg <em>Treasurer</em></li>
  <li>Victoria Correa Andrade <em>Chief of Staff</em></li>
  <li>Dmitri *Standards and Enforcement *</li>
  <li>Vanessa Townsend <em>CAB President</em></li>
  <li>Inez Prior *Student Media Director *</li>
  <li><del><em>Safety Committee</em></del></li>
  <li>~~Jacob Strayer <em>Sustainability Committee</em> ~~</li>
</ul>

  </div>

</article>

      </div>
    </main><footer class="site-footer h-card">
  <data class="u-url" href="/"></data>

  <div class="wrapper">

    <h2 class="footer-heading">Florida Poly Student Government</h2>

    <div class="footer-col-wrapper">
      <div class="footer-col footer-col-1">
        <ul class="contact-list">
          <li class="p-name">Florida Poly Student Government</li><li><a class="u-email" href="mailto:sgavicepresident@floridapoly.edu">sgavicepresident@floridapoly.edu</a></li></ul>
      </div>

      <div class="footer-col footer-col-2"><ul class="social-media-list"><li><a href="https://www.facebook.com/FloridaPolySGA"><svg class="svg-icon"><use xlink:href="/assets/minima-social-icons.svg#facebook"></use></svg> <span class="username">FloridaPolySGA</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/FLPolySGA"><svg class="svg-icon"><use xlink:href="/assets/minima-social-icons.svg#github"></use></svg> <span class="username">FLPolySGA</span></a></li><li><a href="https://www.twitter.com/FLPolySGA"><svg class="svg-icon"><use xlink:href="/assets/minima-social-icons.svg#twitter"></use></svg> <span class="username">FLPolySGA</span></a></li></ul>
</div>

      <div class="footer-col footer-col-3">
        <p>Welcome to the Florida Poly Student Government page!  Here you can find all of our official documents  including statutes, meeting minutes, and more!</p>
      </div>
    </div>

  </div>

</footer>
</body>

</html>
