<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en"><head>
  <meta charset="utf-8">
  <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="IE=edge">
  <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1"><!-- Begin Jekyll SEO tag v2.7.1 -->
<title>Florida Polytechnic University Senate Meeting Minutes (September 09, 2021) | Florida Poly Student Government</title>
<meta name="generator" content="Jekyll v3.9.0" />
<meta property="og:title" content="Florida Polytechnic University Senate Meeting Minutes (September 09, 2021)" />
<meta property="og:locale" content="en_US" />
<meta name="description" content="Welcome to the Florida Poly Student Government page! Here you can find all of our official documents including statutes, meeting minutes, and more!" />
<meta property="og:description" content="Welcome to the Florida Poly Student Government page! Here you can find all of our official documents including statutes, meeting minutes, and more!" />
<link rel="canonical" href="https://flpolysga.github.io/Legislative/Senate/Session8/20210907_Minutes/" />
<meta property="og:url" content="https://flpolysga.github.io/Legislative/Senate/Session8/20210907_Minutes/" />
<meta property="og:site_name" content="Florida Poly Student Government" />
<meta name="twitter:card" content="summary" />
<meta property="twitter:title" content="Florida Polytechnic University Senate Meeting Minutes (September 09, 2021)" />
<script type="application/ld+json">
{"description":"Welcome to the Florida Poly Student Government page! Here you can find all of our official documents including statutes, meeting minutes, and more!","headline":"Florida Polytechnic University Senate Meeting Minutes (September 09, 2021)","@type":"WebPage","url":"https://flpolysga.github.io/Legislative/Senate/Session8/20210907_Minutes/","@context":"https://schema.org"}</script>
<!-- End Jekyll SEO tag -->
<link rel="stylesheet" href="/assets/main.css"><link type="application/atom+xml" rel="alternate" href="https://flpolysga.github.io/feed.xml" title="Florida Poly Student Government" /></head>
<body><header class="site-header" role="banner">

  <div class="wrapper"><a class="site-title" rel="author" href="/">Florida Poly Student Government</a><nav class="site-nav">
        <input type="checkbox" id="nav-trigger" class="nav-trigger" />
        <label for="nav-trigger">
          <span class="menu-icon">
            <svg viewBox="0 0 18 15" width="18px" height="15px">
              <path d="M18,1.484c0,0.82-0.665,1.484-1.484,1.484H1.484C0.665,2.969,0,2.304,0,1.484l0,0C0,0.665,0.665,0,1.484,0 h15.032C17.335,0,18,0.665,18,1.484L18,1.484z M18,7.516C18,8.335,17.335,9,16.516,9H1.484C0.665,9,0,8.335,0,7.516l0,0 c0-0.82,0.665-1.484,1.484-1.484h15.032C17.335,6.031,18,6.696,18,7.516L18,7.516z M18,13.516C18,14.335,17.335,15,16.516,15H1.484 C0.665,15,0,14.335,0,13.516l0,0c0-0.82,0.665-1.483,1.484-1.483h15.032C17.335,12.031,18,12.695,18,13.516L18,13.516z"/>
            </svg>
          </span>
        </label>

        <div class="trigger"><a class="page-link" href="/Executive/Executive/">Executive</a><a class="page-link" href="/Legislative/Legislative/">Legislative</a><a class="page-link" href="/Judicial/Judicial/">Judicial</a></div>
      </nav></div>
</header>
<main class="page-content" aria-label="Content">
      <div class="wrapper">
        <article class="post">

  <header class="post-header">
    <h1 class="post-title">Florida Polytechnic University Senate Meeting Minutes (September 09, 2021)</h1>
  </header>

  <div class="post-content">
    <blockquote>
  <p><strong>Date:</strong> 07.09.2021</p>

  <p><strong>Author:</strong> Victoria Correa Andrade</p>

  <p><strong>Called to Order:</strong> 05:05PM</p>
</blockquote>

<h2 id="attendance">Attendance</h2>

<table>
  <thead>
    <tr>
      <th>Member</th>
      <th>Meeting Start</th>
      <th>Meeting End</th>
    </tr>
  </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
      <td>Melia Rodriguez <strong>(Senate President)</strong></td>
      <td>P</td>
      <td>P</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Benji Dinal <strong>(Senate Pro Tempore)</strong></td>
      <td>P</td>
      <td>P</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Graham Gilbert <strong>(ABC Chair)</strong></td>
      <td>P</td>
      <td>P</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Alexander Gage  <strong>(SOC Chair)</strong></td>
      <td>P</td>
      <td>P</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Breanne Menikheim <strong>(ICC Chair)</strong></td>
      <td>P</td>
      <td>P</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Catherine Abraham</td>
      <td>P</td>
      <td>5 (5:55pm)</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Jake Karas</td>
      <td>P</td>
      <td>P</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Gustavo Maldonado</td>
      <td>P</td>
      <td>P</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Mc Ben Joe Charles</td>
      <td>L (5:15pm)</td>
      <td>P</td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Douglas Poole</td>
      <td>P</td>
      <td>P</td>
    </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>

<blockquote>
  <p>Legend:</p>

  <p>P - Present</p>

  <p>A - Absent</p>

  <p>L - Late (Arrival Time)</p>

  <p>E - Left Early (Time Left)</p>
</blockquote>

<h2 id="start-quorum">Start Quorum</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Quorum Met</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="initial-motions">Initial Motions</h2>
<ul>
  <li>A motion to approve this meeting’s agenda was made by Alex and seconded by Benji passed unanimously.</li>
  <li>A motion to approve last meeting’s minutes was made by Benji and seconded by Gustavo passed unanimously.</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="topics-for-discussion">Topics for Discussion</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Judicial Appointments – scheduled speaker, Jake
    <ul>
      <li>Must be a supermajority of the senate</li>
      <li>List:
        <ul>
          <li>Hailey Skoglund – Chief Justice</li>
          <li>Andre Archer – Associate Justice</li>
          <li>Mykell Spencer – Associate Justice</li>
          <li>Conner Murphy – Associate Justice</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Motion was made by Alex and seconded by Doug to confirm Hailey as Chief Justice. Passes unanimously.</li>
      <li>Motion was made by Benji and seconded by Breanne to confirm Andre Archer as an Associate Justice. Passes unanimously.</li>
      <li>Motion was made by Gustavo and seconded by Breanne to confirm Mykell Spencer as an Associate Justice. Passes unanimously.</li>
      <li>Motion was made by Alex and seconded by Doug to appoint Conner Murphy as an Associate Justice. Passes unanimously.</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Unofficial Clubs – schedule speaker, Graham Gilbert
    <ul>
      <li>Housing posted flyers for an unofficial club, calling themselves a club</li>
      <li>Any group can use the title of club, regardless of RSO status</li>
      <li>There has been some confusion since that title is also used for RSOs</li>
      <li>The idea was brought up to not allow them to use the work “club” to describe themselves
        <ul>
          <li>Should we do this?
            <ul>
              <li>Alex’s opinion (SOC Chair): No. It would be unenforceable.</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>Alternative:
            <ul>
              <li>Ask for them to change their advertisement from Club to trying to create a club. If they do not wish to become an RSO, then they would use club</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>Jake (Greenberg) mentions this might be more trouble than it’s worth, and as long as the posters have been properly approved, it should be fine.</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Decision: there is no reason to ban the word. However, if people claim to be official, then we can tell them not to and take steps then. We’ll also be modifying the wording in the SOC documents, so the word “club” is not mentioned.</li>
      <li>Apparently, Heather can approve posters without Jimmy’s approval. It is our understanding that all posters have to go through Jimmy, so we need to talk to Heather and Jimmy to solve this matter.</li>
      <li>The flyer mentioned was approved by Heather, but not Jimmy, therefore the confusion.</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>RSO Orientation and Connex Keys – scheduled speakers, Alex gage
    <ul>
      <li>RSO Orientation
        <ul>
          <li>Most likely will change date, since we have a big event the same day</li>
          <li>Jimmy reserved space</li>
          <li>Still have to communicate with presenters</li>
          <li>Will be moved to the 26th</li>
          <li>Lunch will be provided</li>
          <li>Starting at 10am, should take about 6 to 7 hours</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>Connex Keys
        <ul>
          <li>Alex got one from Jimmy</li>
          <li>The old Connex keys do not work; the lock has been changed</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Snow Cones and Suggestions
    <ul>
      <li>Benji finished the flyers (see meeting folder)</li>
      <li>It would promote the suggestion boxes</li>
      <li>Tent outside the IST, just like Tie Die day</li>
      <li>Have it also promote the Elections Committee</li>
      <li>Talk to dining today to get their machine</li>
      <li>Tuesday the 14th</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Suggestion Boxes
    <ul>
      <li>We already have suggestion boxes</li>
      <li>No one currently checks the boxes</li>
      <li>Who would like to take lead on this?
        <ul>
          <li>Graham</li>
        </ul>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Business Cards
    <ul>
      <li>October 7th is career day</li>
      <li>Benji, Breanne, Catherine, and Charles cannot receive new business cards, as their positions are up for reelections</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>SGA Desk Hours
    <ul>
      <li>Fill the excel sheet with your availability for desk hours</li>
      <li>Mandatory; min of 2h</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

<h2 id="committee-status-reports">Committee Status Reports:</h2>

<h3 id="abc-update">ABC Update</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Met with Chess Club for a PR; got denied. They will be returning this week with a reviewed PR
    <ul>
      <li>Value was too high</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Fundraising
    <ul>
      <li>Concessions at different events on campus</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
  <li>Audit day
    <ul>
      <li>Has not been scheduled</li>
      <li>Might do Connex reorganization that same day</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

<h3 id="soc-update">SOC Update</h3>
<ul>
  <li>5 new RSO applications</li>
  <li>See his scheduled speech above</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="icc-update">ICC Update</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Meeting at 7pm</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="leb-meeting">LEB Meeting</h3>
<ul>
  <li>Cancelled last week, meeting tomorrow</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="const-review-ad-hoc">Const. Review Ad Hoc</h3>
<ul>
  <li>2pm on Tuesdays</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="elections">Elections</h3>

<h3 id="safety-committee">Safety Committee</h3>

<h3 id="sustainability-committee">Sustainability Committee</h3>

<h2 id="public-comment-2-minutes-each">Public Comment (2 minutes each)</h2>
<ul>
  <li></li>
</ul>

<h2 id="end-quorum">End Quorum</h2>
<ul>
  <li>Quorum Met</li>
</ul>

<h2 id="next-meeting">Next Meeting</h2>
<ul>
  <li>09.21.2021</li>
</ul>

<blockquote>
  <p><strong>Adjournment:</strong> 06:05PM</p>
</blockquote>

  </div>

</article>

      </div>
    </main><footer class="site-footer h-card">
  <data class="u-url" href="/"></data>

  <div class="wrapper">

    <h2 class="footer-heading">Florida Poly Student Government</h2>

    <div class="footer-col-wrapper">
      <div class="footer-col footer-col-1">
        <ul class="contact-list">
          <li class="p-name">Florida Poly Student Government</li><li><a class="u-email" href="mailto:sgavicepresident@floridapoly.edu">sgavicepresident@floridapoly.edu</a></li></ul>
      </div>

      <div class="footer-col footer-col-2"><ul class="social-media-list"><li><a href="https://www.facebook.com/FloridaPolySGA"><svg class="svg-icon"><use xlink:href="/assets/minima-social-icons.svg#facebook"></use></svg> <span class="username">FloridaPolySGA</span></a></li><li><a href="https://github.com/FLPolySGA"><svg class="svg-icon"><use xlink:href="/assets/minima-social-icons.svg#github"></use></svg> <span class="username">FLPolySGA</span></a></li><li><a href="https://www.twitter.com/FLPolySGA"><svg class="svg-icon"><use xlink:href="/assets/minima-social-icons.svg#twitter"></use></svg> <span class="username">FLPolySGA</span></a></li></ul>
</div>

      <div class="footer-col footer-col-3">
        <p>Welcome to the Florida Poly Student Government page!  Here you can find all of our official documents  including statutes, meeting minutes, and more!</p>
      </div>
    </div>

  </div>

</footer>
</body>

</html>
